https://myagile.myjetbrains.com/youtrack/issues
-> track the issue

Mapstruct
-> should use componentModel = "spring"
-> mvn clean compile

java -jar target/mywebserviceapp-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
mvn spring-boot:run

sonaq
-> 
open terminal and cd project path
mvn sonar:sonar -Dsonar.host.url=http://localhost:9000 -Dsonar.projectVersion=liang
->
http://localhost:9000/projects?sort=-analysis_date
the prerequisite is start the sonaq docker


->
Employee(Main Table)
@OneToMany

Email(Key Holding Table)
@ManyToOne

```
{
	"id": 0,
	"employeeName": "Matthew",
	"emails": [
		{
			"id": 0, 
			"emailAddress": "zlchldjyy@gmail.com"
			
		}, 
		{
			"id": 0, 
			"emailAddress": "japanlife@gmail.com"
			
		}
	]
}
```
-> If put Employee.id as 0, the persistence context must not exist 
then execute the SQL to fetch the database.

#### Note: @OneToMany generate the LEFT JOIN
```
SELECT employee0_.employee_id   AS employee1_1_1_, 
       employee0_.employee_name AS employee2_1_1_, 
       emails1_.employee_id     AS employee3_0_3_, 
       emails1_.email_id        AS email_id1_0_3_, 
       emails1_.email_id        AS email_id1_0_0_, 
       emails1_.email_address   AS email_ad2_0_0_, 
       emails1_.employee_id     AS employee3_0_0_ 
FROM   employee employee0_ 
       LEFT OUTER JOIN email emails1_ 
                    ON employee0_.employee_id = emails1_.employee_id 
WHERE  employee0_.employee_id = ? 
```

-> If put Email.id as 0, it also operate the similar steps.
```
SELECT email0_.email_id      AS email_id1_0_0_, 
       email0_.email_address AS email_ad2_0_0_, 
       email0_.employee_id   AS employee3_0_0_ 
FROM   email email0_ 
WHERE  email0_.email_id = ? 
```

###### The above id if not put 0 or over 0 but put `null`, 
###### the result is still persist. 
###### But do not generate the above both select sql and directly generate inset.


Jenkins Mail Configuration
1. E-mail Notification 
this one can be used to test the configuration is successful or not.

2. Jenkins Location
this one should be fullfilled the admin mail address.(must)

3. Extended E-mail Notification
this one is cnfigurated for Jenkins mail because you choose extended mail on the blue ocean
pipeline job.
you need to open qq.mail smtp mail service.
that means use qq mail server as your Jenkins sender mail address.
the following the pwd from qq server.
bswqpxncxgjibcdg
adapznkpecnzbcbi

4. Jenkins file is configured for Jenkins,
so this file can be auto generated by blue ocean or hand write.
Blue ocean will auto scan the jenkins file from your branch.

In order to success or fail job to receive the email, I need to add post for the Jenkins.
But unfortunately blue ocean seems no API to add based on the writting time.

the confusing is the setting, anyway google is fine.






